---
extends: _layouts.post.text
title: 2023 April Updates
type: text
tags: [announcements]
---

This is going to be a little bit of a wierd update because I'm just getting started again so I spent more time on shipping things than I did documenting what I shipped. Lots of great restructuring, planning, building, and dreaming though!

The biggest update from this month was that I released the newest version of this website! All new style, new format, new backend, new hosting platform -- basically everything. My last version was built with Statamic, was statically generated and hosted on DigitalOcean's App Platform -- which was great, but also more moving parts to keep track of than I really needed.

So this month my focus was on simplifying my life and projecs. I took some time to really think about what I really needed out of this website, and it wasn't much. I wanted to place to share thoughts, updates, work, and hopefully motivation with others. So I opted to rebuild with Jigsaw and deploy to Github Pages. So far, I couldn't be happier with the decision.

In the same attempt to simplify things, I stripped my soo-to-be-announced project Sunflower down to it's based to really focus on getting the foundation rock solid. I know, I know.. If I shoot for perfection, I'll never ship it. I believe there's some middle ground there, and that's what I'm aiming for right now. Much of the work I've already done will be put back, but I needed clarity to see what I needed to work on.

Anyway, I guess that's it. Until next time!