---
extends: _layouts.post.text
title: Full-stack Web Developer
type: text
tags: []
---

Are you a close-knit, innovative organization with a focus on creating exceptional web experiences? Does your small team culture allow for open communication, creative problem-solving, and the freedom to make a meaningful impact? Do you value quality code, clean design, and efficient development practices?  If so, I want to hear from you!

For a limited time only, I am on the market for a new job. Please take a look and get in touch if you think I would be a good fit for your organization and vice versa.

## When

I am giving myself a little time off to recharge, so I am aiming for a start date in mid- to late-June. Please go ahead and reach out, I am happy to start conversations and interviews now.

## Where

I am currently based in Pensacola, FL and plan to stay for at least a few more years. I am exclusively looking for jobs that will allow me to work remotely for the foreseeable future. I will consider visiting your office and travelling to meet in-person.

## About me

Check out my [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/stvnrlnd/) or [resume](https://stevenroland.com/resume) for an overview of my work experience, education, and more.

I am a passionate web developer with over 10 years of experience who thrives in small, collaborative environments. I have a penchant for learning new things and a wide variety of experiences with different technologies. I currently enjoy building elegant, intuitive web applications with the TALL stack (Tailwind CSS, Alpine.js, Laravel, and Livewire).

I am known for my pragmatism, and people that work with me trust me to make good decisions that balance technical quality and business needs. In addition to my strong technical skills, I bring a wealth of non-technical skills to the table that I developed over my years working in the retail and wholesale spaces.

## What I'm Looking For

I'm seeking opportunities to join a small- to mid-sized team of talented developers, to contribute my expertise in the TALL stack or a similar set of technologies. As a small team, you would ideally value individuals who are not only proficient in their technical skills but also possess excellent communication skills and a collaborative mindset. The main things I am looking for right now are:

- **Good People:** I believe the people you work with and the culture you celebrate are the beating heart of any organization. I enjoy working in a close-knit team where contributions are recognized and valued.

- **Interesting Problems:** I enjoy a challenge, so I can continue to learn and grow. These could be complex customer needs, technical problems, engineering practices, or some combination thereof. I want to contribute to the full development lifecycle, from brainstorming and ideation to implementation and deployment.

- **Work/Life Balance:** It's crucial to find harmony between your professional and personal aspirations while taking care of your well-being. I'm looking for flexible hours when needed and the ability to work remotely.

## What You're Looking For

Here are some key qualifications you're looking for:

- **Collaborative Mindset:** You cherish a team environment where everyone's voice is heard. Strong interpersonal skills, effective communication, and the ability to work collaboratively in a small team setting are important to you.

- **Passion for Clean Code:** You appreciate developers who take pride in writing clean, maintainable, and efficient code. You want to see attention to detail and commitment to best practices.

## Contact Me

Does all of this sound interesting to you? Awesome! You should contact me if you meet all of the following criteria:

- You work for the organization you are contacting me about. Ideally you are a hiring manager, software engineer, or someone who works closely with the team.
- You read the post and think your organization would be a good fit for me and vice versa.
- Your organization is hiring now or in the near future.
- You are hiring for a role that will be remote for the forseeable future.

Please contact me via email at [stvnrlnd@yahoo.com](mailto:stvnrlnd@yahoo.com) and include the following:

- The name of the organization you are contacting me about.
- Where the organization is based.
- What kind of organization it is (e.g. private/public company, non-profit, government).
- Information about the organization's remote work policies.
- A brief description of why the organization would be a good fit for me and vice versa.
- Information about the position(s) and/or a link to relevant job postings.
- Any other information you think is useful.

I look forward to hearing from you!
